1. What is a software ?
Software is a set of instruction. The two main categories of software are application software and system software. Software is a collection of data. That is use to operate hardware and execute specific task
   
 what is software engineering ?	  
 software engineering is a technique through which we can developed or created software for computer systems and any other devices.

2. Explain type of software.                                                                                                         
 There are 4 types of software.                                                                                                                                                     1.application software                                                                                                                                                      2.programiing software                                                                                                                                            3.system software                                                                                                                                                               4.driver software

3.what is SDLC ? explain each phase of SDLC .
Software development life cycle is a process used by the software industry to develop high quality software. There are 7 phases of SDLC.

1.planning
In this phase project leader evaluate terms and condition of the project. And creating the project’s teams and leadership structure.
2.define requirements
Defining requirement is a part of planning. What the application is to do and their  requirements. requirement is include resources needed to build a project.                                                   
3.design and prototyping                                                                                                                              the design phase are models the way a software application will work.
4.software development
This is the writing of the program. These phase is help developers track changes the code.
5.testing
It’s critical to test an application before making available to users.
6.deployment
In the deployment phase, the application is available to users. 
7.maintenance
At this point the development cycle is almost finished. The maintenance is still important.
4.what is DFD? Create a DFD diagram of flipkart.
DFD is the abbreviation for data flow diagram. the flow of data of a system or a process is represented by DFD. DFD is a graphical view of how data is processed in a system in terms of input and output.




    
         Purchase order                                                                                    product order 
                                                                                                                                                                                 
         Bill                                                                                                             bill                                                              
5.what is flow chart? Create a flowchart to make addition of two numbers.
A flow chart is a graphical representation of a process. In the process, each step represented by a different symbol. There are different meanings of different flow chart symbols.

                                  

















6.what is use case diagram? Create a use-case on bill payment on paytm.
A use case diagram is a way to summarize details of a system and the users within that system.          

 
 
  











